# albert-plugin-raindrop
A Raindrop.io plugin for Albert Launcher

IMPORTANT: Albert Launcher v34+ (Python interface v5.0) is needed, as it brought breaking changes to extensions.

## How to use this plugin in Albert Launcher?

1. Download the latest `__init__.py` found in the [Releases](https://github.com/realgooseman/albert-plugin-raindrop/releases)
2. Create a folder in `~/.local/share/albert/python/plugins/` (ex: raindrop)
3. Paste the downloaded `__init__.py` file inside the newly created folder: `~/.local/share/albert/python/plugins/raindrop/`
4. Launch Albert launcher and go to Plugins > Enable `Python Plugins` (if not done) > Enable `Raindrop.io` plugin
5. Enter your personal Raindrop.io test token (see below how to get it)
6. Set your prefered cache refresh interval (default is: 60 min)
7. On Query page you can change the trigger shortcut (default is: rd)
8. Done !

## How to get your Raindrop.io personal API test token?
1. Access your Raindrop.io account using app/extension or at https://app.raindrop.io.
2. Click on your user profile in the upper-left corner and select Settings.
3. Navigate to the Integrations section.
4. Under For Developers, click `+ Create new app`.
5. Give your app any descriptive name (ex: Launcher or Raindrop) then click Create.
6. After creating the app, click on its name in the list to open its details.
7. Scroll down to the Credentials section and click Create test token.
8. Copy the generated test access token (store it somewhere safe, shown once only).
9. Paste that acces token in the plugin settings on Albert Launcher

DISCLAIMER: Plugin generated by Claude. I therefore cannot be held responsible for any misuse or resulting issues.
